CNF-14746: Add includes to fields to omit (#115)
openshift/kube-compare: docs/reference-config-guide-v2.md

The default value of `defaultOmitRef` is a built-in list  `cluster-compare-built-in` and can still be referenced even if the `defaultOmitRef` is set.

> #### constructing an item from other items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Referencing field omission groups
```

> We allow for an item to be included as a sub-item of other items:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A group of field omissions may reference other groups of field omission groups to allow less duplication in group creation.  For example:
```

```yaml
fieldsToOmit:
   defaultOmitRef: default
   items:
    itemA:
      - pathToKey: spec.selector.matchLabels.k8s-app
    default:
      - include: itemA
      - pathToKey: spec.template.metadata.labels.k8s-app

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe a more concrete example?  Something like we intend to use in the RAN reference; Like having a "common" that excludes a couple annotations, and then a "default" that also excludes "status"?
